Now you know, please?
What are you thinking about?
Also
You kneel down and kowtow for me now
Let me see the sincerity of your apology.
I think so, don't, don't be expensive, don't be expensive.
Oops, oops, hahaha, big and small, haha, please.
I come to ask for your mercy
Your lord doesn't take care of the villain, you can let our house go
Ahahaha
Ah!
Are you afraid of flying in the sky?
Hahahaha
It's really flying
Oops hahaha
Ha oops
Excuse me.
I lied, ouhaha.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, hahahahaha.
My dad?
Mom has no face
Remember to call your dad
Mom, I'm sorry.
You should have told me earlier.
Sooner or later
At that time, I will send your family to be full of light rat demons
Arrange you eight princes for me
I have the ability to raise you, Brother Long
Ahhhh oops
Don't go, I won't go with you
shut up
Just look at the girl and you mess with your mouth, haha.
Stop